Aloha more international today I'm going
to show you how to cook south korean
healthy cuisine giving back within five
minutes all you need to use cha cha cha
and sorta sorta sorta it is very simple
and create but has great nutrients in it
it is good for you international
students
what we need for this are three mini
carrots one zucchini quarter size of
onion 2 mushrooms and an egg and rise of
course if you have leftover veggies in
your fries you can use it as well first
chop all the vegetable
second warm up the frying pan with oil
and put bit of garlic and green pepper
and put the chopped veggie in order of
this first camera
second onion
third zucchini
add bit of salt and pepper
and mushroom
you see the color has been changed
be ready a bowl of rice put the salt eat
veggies on the rise and a fried for a
bit offices on the oil and red pepper
paste garnish it with the chopped
lettuce and a fried egg
you
and here is your healthy baby bb bar
why don't you try it this afternoon for
yourself don't forget a healthy life
will make your academic life successful
bye for now and we'll see you next time
please visit Humber's international blog
for a detailed recipe for baby bun and
feel free to leave comments